Update Durable Nonces Course (#450)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/courses/offline-transactions/durable-nonces.md

  have an expiration date of 150 blocks (~80-90 seconds).
- After signing a durable transaction you can store it in a database or a file
  or send it to another device to submit it later.
- A durable transaction is created using a nonce account. A nonce account holds
  the authority and the nonce value which replaces the recent blockhash to make
  a durable transaction
- Durable transactions must start with an `advanceNonce` instruction, and the
  nonce authority must be a signer of the transaction.
- If the transaction fails for any reason other than the `advanceNonce`
  instruction, the nonce will still be advanced, even though all other
  instructions will be reverted.

## Overview

Durable Nonces are a way to bypass the expiration date of regular transactions.

> To understand this more clearly, we'll start by looking at the concepts behind
> regular transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand this, we'll start by looking at the concepts behind
regular transactions.
```

Reviewer: Don't be afraid to clean up unnecessarily wordy language.

> In Solana, transactions consist of three main parts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Solana, transactions have three main parts:
```

Plain language.

1. **Instructions**: Instructions are the operations you want to perform on the
   blockchain, like transferring tokens, creating accounts, or calling a
   program. These are executed in order.

2. **Signatures**: Signatures are proof that the transaction was signed by the
   required signers/authorities. For instance, if you are transferring SOL from
   your wallet to another, you'll need to sign the transaction so the network

>    can verify that the transaction is valid.

Reviewer: This is a criticism of the old writing, but the logic here is circular and bad. Signatures prove I sign it, which means I have a signature, which proves I signed it. 

Try:

> **Signatures**: Signatures are proof that the transaction was made by the required signers (assuming they have kept their secret keys secure).

### Considerations

Durable transactions should be treated with care, which is why you should always
trust the transactions you sign.

For example, imagine you blindly signed a malicious durable transaction. This
transaction signs away 500 SOL to the attacker and changes the nonce authority
to the attacker as well. Let's say you don't have this amount yet, but in the
future, you will. This is insidious, as the attacker would wait to cash this
check as soon as your balance exceeeds 500 SOL. And you'll have no recollection
of what you clicked on. It can remain dormant for days, weeks, or years.

> This is not meant to provoke hysteria, but serves as a PSA of what's possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is not meant to provoke hysteria, but serves to show what's possible.
```

PSAs are US-specific.

Reviewer: This lesson goes from 'you are the developer' to 'you are the user'. We should fix that.

Maybe as developers, we tell people their durable nonce trandsactions may be flagged by wallets, and then explain that durable nonces are often used for malicious transactions?

Author: I have revised the section to maintain a consistent perspective, addressing both developers and users. The updated text now informs developers to educate users about the potential risks and how to mitigate them.

Please let me know if there are any further adjustments needed.

This is why you should only keep in hot wallets what you're willing to lose and
avoid signing with your cold wallet.

### Using Durable Nonces to Overcome the Short Lifespan of Regular Transactions

> Durable nonces are a way to sign transactions off-chain and keep them in storage

Reviewer: offchain is one word, please fix everywhere.

to function, thus they have some special rules that don't apply normally. We'll
see this as we deep dive into the technicals.

### Durable Nonces In-Depth

Durable transactions differ from regular transactions in the following ways:

1. Durable Nonces replace the recent blockhash with a nonce. This nonce is

>    stored in a `nonce account` and will be used only once in one transaction.

Reviewer: Not sure `nonce account` is code or a file name. Maybe just 'nonce account' ?
